# Server.c

The main function begins by declaring variables that will be used throughout this scope.  It then instantiates hints which is a struct for addrinfo, which is used to determine whether the address is IPV4 or 6.  The next block is error checking for getaddrinfo().  The large for loop that follows is binding a local protocol address to the socket.  It also contains error checking for the socket file descriptor, socket options, and the binding process itself.  Main then frees the memory of serverinfo.  Then it checks to ensure that the bind was successful by checking that serverinfo still exists in the variable it was assigned to prior to deleting it.  This is followed by error checking for the listening function, and more memory freeing.  Main then prints that it is actually listening and waiting for connections.

The while loop is the final part of the main function and the part that we need to adjust for the assignment.  It starts as a while true loop that accepts a new connection by making a new socket that is not listening but did not alter the original listening socket.  It then converts the numeric address to an array of character/ string address that is pleasant to read, and prints that there is a connection to that address.  It then checks for the child process and reads the data that is being sent by the connection, and prints that info.  This is where we need to adjust how the information is being printed to match the formatting required for the assignment.  We need to make that loop until two new lines (ENTER, ENTER) has been received.  We will then need to parse the input and determine what to send back.
Main then closes the parent file descriptor (??) and sends a resonse which needs formatted by us, checks for errors in the send, and closes the child file desciptor.
